30 Dec 2021
Questions
- What needs to be done
- How will it be done?
- When will it be done.


What needs to be done.
1 When a user deletes an auction the system should readjust its bids

How 
1 Every bid has a numeric ID, the ID is in numeric order so when one bid is deleted could we use the ID to reverse back ?


adj - amenable: open and responsive to suggestion (someone is amenable)

System business rules - 

The online auction service is only available to legal and natural persons who
can enter into legally binding contract under the laws of South Africa. Without
derogating from the generality thereof, the auction services are not available
to minors.
    According to this informaiton age is very important because we cannot allow minor individuals to be bidding.
    Our system should be responsible for bridgin this rules
    We therefore need to make sure that we create an age constraint


2.4 By registering online as a bidder, the bidder consents to the collection and
use of personal information by the Auctioneer for the purposes of creating
the registration, and participation in the online auction.
    which means we are allowed to capture the user's information


3. Bidding Procedure
3.1 The auction shall take place at the date and time as advertised or published
and will not be postponed or delayed to enable any member or group of the
public to partake in the auction.

3.2 The auction is not an absolute auction but subject to reserved prices settled
by the sellers and as pointed out by the Auctioneer prior to the sale of the
said asset or lot.

3.5 During a sale for which the bidder has registered, the bidder can bid for a lot
by clicking on the bid button.

3.6 The current bid will be displayed on the bidder’s screen during the sale.

3.7 Until the fall of the hammer as contemplated in section 45(3) of CPA, any bid
may be retracted or declined by the Auctioneer if not compliant with the CPA
or the regulations issued in terms thereof.

3.8 The bidder acknowledge that he/she are bidding at a live auction and agree
that each bid entered (unless withdrawn before the fall of the hammer) is
binding even if submitted in error. The bidder accepts full responsibility for
every bid submitted through his/her online bidding account

3.11 The sale by auction is complete at the fall of the hammer or any other
practice through which the Auctioneer recognizes the highest bidder as the
purchaser


The one thing that I came to learn is that a bidder may only cancel their recent bid - 
They cannot withdraw from an auction for this reason they not delete their account if they participated in a bid.



Issues that Arrise
- One of the thigns that I am thinking about is that hwen we create a a bid, the other users wil not be able to get our inforamtion without refreshing their page, nowt he issue with shi is that if the user delete their active bid, without refreshing they may create an inconsistency somehwere, because some one  might have already sent their bid and when theuser delete it may create an error somehwere.
So we need to make sure that upon delete the system should check if the user is till the highest bidder if the user is not the highest bidder then it should procesed to delete the  or cancel the bid placed by the user - else the cancel request should be terminated, but the one thing that I want to do is to refresh only a single portion of the page and not the whole - 


Think about how you can not why you can't 


04 Jan 2022
WE HAVE THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS TO THE SYSTEM THAT WE ARE WORKING ON 
- What happens after an auction that I created is closed
    show me all competing bidders 
    show the winning bidder 
        Give me the winning bidders details including their contact details

- What happens after an auction that I participated in closes?
    If I am the highest bidder then I should see the bids that I won 
        I want to know the sellers details including their contact details
        I want to know the item that I baught 
        I want to know the date and the amount or rather the price of the item.
    If I am not the highest bidder then that information does not concern me anymore.

- How do I go to the bids that I am participating in?
    I want the system to keep a list of the bids that I participated in so that I do not have to scroll down the page looking for the bids that I participated in.
    //The one debate that I am having in my mind is weather I should include a place where




